docs: Documentated Maps extensions and shipping methods changes (#1014)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: docs/100-upgrade/migration-guides/3.9-3.10.mdx

---
title: 3.9 -> 3.10
description:
  This page lists the highlights for upgrading a project from Front-Commerce 3.9
  to 3.10
---

import Tabs from "@theme/Tabs";
import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem";

<p>{frontMatter.description}</p>

## Update dependencies

Update all your `@front-commerce/*` dependencies to this version:

```shell
pnpm update "@front-commerce/*@3.10.0"
```

## Manual Migration

### Shipping methods

In this release, we reworked the way additional data component can be retrieved
during the shipping method selection at checkout time.

In v2, these component were registered by overriding the
`theme/modules/Checkout/ShippingMethod/AdditionalShippingInformation/getAdditionalDataComponent.js`
file.

In v3, we're now leveraging on the
[feature registration hook](/docs/3.x/api-reference/front-commerce-core/extension-features#registerfeature)
so that any extension can register its own component without having to override
theme files, which greatly enhance maintainability.

> Although this change is retro compatible, we recommend you to update your
> `getAdditionalDataComponent` file to benefits from the latest way to use
> additional data components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although this change is backward compatible, we recommend that you update your
`getAdditionalDataComponent` file to take advantage of the latest way of using
additional data components.
```

Reviewer: retro = french :)
